hello how about friends today
learn the basics of how to use the
machine
today many do not know how
this machine works first things first
at level 10 the mps gives us a test and as
reward gives us these ingredients or
If you have already passed that level and it does not exist
the bucket no problem just go to the
npc and in the third option that extends
We can buy a variety of
articles
like a machine today poy portable in case
is not close to the npc in the second
tab we will have the recipes at the moment
we can only buy the level 1 in
the third repeats a list of
recipes since we learned the skill
we buy a recipe from the first list
I recommend only the first one which
will be in our inventory they also give
the recipe as a reward for the mission
above we click on the recipe
will disappear and be added
automatically to the machine today in case
we do not have the fourth tab
we will have to go shopping with the mps of
the city left
not with the one in the cities
of each race already being today
we talk with snpc and we'll see what we have
with a fourth tab, click on amos and
We will have a great variety of
ingredients we will only buy the
necessary those who ask us for the recipe
we will see all the recipes we buy
In the future, the first recipe is the one
the mission asks us to see the
ingredients at the beginning will be
dark if we have the ingredients
we look in the inventory we give them a
click
after clicking on the box it
will begin to fill the bar below
if we press the space bar in the
just the moment the result will change and
We will have more experience to climb
level
if those skulls come out it means that
we failed the preparation of the food
the yang rose one level
it's up to level 14 that we can only create
food and beverages from level 15
we can create weapons if we reach the level
15 first we must learn the
specific skill
and ready in our inventory will appear
the food as a result of mixing
the ingredients
well that's all I hope it serves
Of something
join the guide
see you later